Tingting, hide to the side first
Be careful yourself
Is it arrogant that the good boy is still comfortable in the wolves?
Why is your inner fissure so fierce?
You are the master
Stronger than the master
Say where is the person who ordered you
Say it and I'll give you a quick death
Otherwise
Stay again stay again good
Teacher Guo, it has been more than an hour.
Why haven't you heard from your two grandmasters yet?
Is there anything wrong?
Don't worry, no matter how powerful the holy seed of the Xu family is
He can't defeat my two grandmasters either
Just sit back, that's fine
Hahaha, maybe.
They've done it.
But Shen Tingting is back hahahaha
Oh, wait for him to come.
This young master has fun first
I'll give it to Master Zhao when I'm done playing, hahahaha.
Yes yes yes you why are you here
you
What about my two apprentices?
They've been killed by me. What?
It turns out that your force has surpassed the grandmaster
Hahaha, but it doesn't matter.
I am learning from Master Tianxuan
If you want to mess with me, no way
What if I kill you?
Like pinching an ant to death
What is Master Guo's master?
It turned out to be the third strongest in the world
Master Tianxuan
So it's Tian Xuan?
He was fortunate enough to learn a few tricks from me back then
He even accepted an apprentice